So again, here's my solution.
We've done this a few times already.
It's just our compiling of the model with Adam optimizer
sparse categorical cross entropy for loss and accuracy as our metric.
Now I only ended up training this for two epics,
and as you can see below,
it already got to a train accuracy of
almost 99 percent and validation accuracy also of nearly 99 percent,
which is pretty amazing.
This, using a pre-trained model,
really made a huge difference in what our model accuracy was.
Here below we can check out our predictions
and see that we actually got them all right. That's great.
99 percent accuracy, that means we're going to get almost everything correct.
So I encourage you here before you hop along to the project to go
ahead and play around a little bit more in the GPU workspace if you'd like,
you can try different datasets, different networks, e.t.c.
Remember, you do have a certain amount of GPU hours,
so if you're just writing code,
I might suggest that you make sure you save your Notebook,
but then disable the GPU until you're ready for training.
Again, make sure you save it before re-enabling the GPU and
then you can train quickly with the GPU acceleration.
So great, I hope you enjoyed this lesson and best of luck on the project.
(客服wx：udacity6）